[MUSIC PLAYING]
In this video, you'll learn
how to capture a custom poster
or thumbnail image for
one of your videos.
On the videos page, I'm
going to click on a video
to open the video properties.
The images section will
display the current poster
and thumbnail images.
When you upload a
video to your account,
Brightcove Campaign
captures an image
from the midpoint of the video
and uses that as the poster
and thumbnail image.
If you don't like the
image that is captured,
you can upload or
capture new images.
Uploading a new image is
covered in another video.
To capture a new
image, play the video
and then pause it when you get
to the frame you want to use.
When you're on the frame
you like, click capture.
Next you need to select
if this image will be
the poster, thumbnail or both.
When you're done, click Save.
Note that it may take a minute
for the processing to complete
and images to update.